hello YouTube it's wei-li a lot of you
said my joy look from my last makeup
therapy was your favorite and you wanted
a tutorial on it here's how I do it
first I started off with a cream shadow
as my base with cream shadows I like to
use my fingers because it really is the
easiest way to apply it and it saves
time in my opinion before the cream
shadow fully drives insects apply a
shimmery silver color to your entire lid
because i had the cream shadow as my
base it really helped a silver color
stand out now i'm taking a matte grey
with a blending brush and applying that
to my outer corners to deepen up the
look and to give my eyes a little more
dimension because you know these
monolids need some dimension and so now
i'm just going to go back to that silver
shadow that I used earlier to touch up a
little bit and with makeup don't be
afraid to touch up and fix things until
you like it go ahead and curl your
lashes to prep them for mascara right
here i'm using the smoky eye mascara
which has a tapered tip and that just
helps grab those little itty bitty
eyelashes and you guys know me i always
have to wear my falsies of course is
optional for you so feel free to skip
this part if it's not for you it's
really important to use eyeliner to help
blend the falsies in so i'm using
eyeliner on my upper lash line and i
just decided to wing it out a bitch for
this look not too much just a little bit
and then i'm taking an eyeliner pencil
to tight line tight lining just helps
give the illusion of fuller lashes in
case you guys are wondering one of my
favorite tricks to make my eyes appear
larger and brighter is to use a shimmery
champagne or white eyeshadow and apply
that to my tear ducts I like to use a
q-tip to apply it because it's small
enough to get the shadow exactly where I
want it after that I'm just going to
take the same shadow I used all over my
lids earlier and add that to my lower
lashline the darker color kind of access
an eyeliner without the harsh look of
actually
and later now even though I have super
short bottom lashes I still apply
mascara on them just thought I'd give my
bottom lashes from hope you know and now
for blush since my eyes are pretty
shimmery already I wanted to keep my
cheeks at I chose a cream blush because
I think it looks the most natural out of
all the other formulas you can use for
my lips I wanted to give my face a pop
of color so I decided to use this bright
to pinkish coral shade I like to dab a
small amount on my lips first and then i
blend it out with my fingers as you can
see and that's pretty much it I hope you
guys enjoyed this quick tutorial and
i'll see you all soon on i love makeup
thanks for watching bye eyes so if you
guys haven't seen the video of where
this look came from you can click here
to check it out and since you guys are
here already check out my favorite
pretty powerful videos from the bobby
brown channel here